Adding Log documentation to C# UDF (#54112)
Azure/azure-content: articles/stream-analytics/stream-analytics-edge-csharp-udf-methods.md

   |Custom Code Assembly Source|Existing assembly packages from the cloud|
   |Custom Code Assembly Source|UserCustomCode.zip|

> ## User Logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## User logging
```

> The logging mechanism allow users to capture custom information during job run. Log data can be used to debug or assess the correctness of the custom code at real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logging mechanism allows you to capture custom information while a job is running. You can use log data to debug or assess the correctness of the custom code in real-time.
```

> The `StreamingContext` class provides a mechanism for publishing diagnostics information using the `StreamingDiagnostics.WriteError` function. The code below shows the interface exposed by Azure Stream Analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `StreamingContext` class lets you publish diagnostic information using the `StreamingDiagnostics.WriteError` function. The code below shows the interface exposed by Azure Stream Analytics.
```

> ```csharp
>     public abstract class StreamingContext
>     {
>         public abstract StreamingDiagnostics Diagnostics { get; }
>     }
>     
>     public abstract class StreamingDiagnostics
>     {
>         public abstract void WriteError(string briefMessage, string detailedMessage);
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
public abstract class StreamingContext
{
    public abstract StreamingDiagnostics Diagnostics { get; }
}

public abstract class StreamingDiagnostics
{
    public abstract void WriteError(string briefMessage, string detailedMessage);
}
```

> ```

Reviewer: Remove indent

> `StreamingContext` is passed as an input parameter to the user UDF method and can be used within the UDF to publish user custom log information. In the example below `MyUdfMethod` defines a **data** input which the value will be provided by the query and a **context** input as the `StreamingContext` provided by the runtime engine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`StreamingContext` is passed as an input parameter to the UDF method and can be used within the UDF to publish custom log information. In the example below, `MyUdfMethod` defines a **data** input, which is provided by the query, and a **context** input as the `StreamingContext`, provided by the runtime engine. 
```

```csharp

>     public static long MyUdfMethod(long data, StreamingContext context)
>     {
>         // write log
>         context.Diagnostics.WriteError("User Log", "This is a log message");
>         
>         return data;
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public static long MyUdfMethod(long data, StreamingContext context)
{
    // write log
    context.Diagnostics.WriteError("User Log", "This is a log message");
    
    return data;
}
```

> ```

Reviewer: Remove indent

> `StreamingContext` value does not need to be passed by the user in the SQL query, Azure Stream Analytics will provide a context object automatically if input parameter is present. The use of the `MyUdfMethod` does not change as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `StreamingContext` value doesn't need to be passed in by the SQL query. Azure Stream Analytics provides a context object automatically if an input parameter is present. The use of the `MyUdfMethod` does not change as shown in the query below.
```

> ```SQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sql
```

>     SELECT udf.MyUdfMethod(input.value) as udfValue FROM input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SELECT udf.MyUdfMethod(input.value) as udfValue FROM input
```

>     SELECT udf.MyUdfMethod(input.value) as udfValue FROM input

Reviewer: Remove indent

```

> Log messages can be accessed through the [Diagnostic Logs](data-errors.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access log messages through the [diagnostic logs](data-errors.md).
```
